Meet The Team:

Founded in 2015, Acubed is the Silicon Valley innovation center of Airbus. As a global leader in aerospace, Airbus aims to make things fly . Our mission is to provide a lens into the future for the industry, transforming risk into opportunity to build the future of flight now. At Acubed, we strive to propel innovation to market faster, broaden the talent pool in emerging aerospace careers and simultaneously help drive a culture change across Airbus.

Our Wayfinder team is building scalable, certifiable autonomy systems to power the next generation of commercial aircraft. Our team of experts is driving the maturation of machine learning and other core technologies for autonomous flight; we are creating a reference architecture that includes hardware , software , and a data-driven development process to allow aircraft to perceive and react to their environment . Autonomous flight is transforming the transportation industry, and our team is at the heart of this revolution.

 Your Working Environment : 

Located in Silicon Valley, Acubed is the innovation center of Airbus - where our teams aim to provide a lens into the future for the industry, transforming risk into opportunity to build the future of flight right now. Our project portfolio takes on some of the industry’s biggest challenges and opportunities.

How We Care For You:

 Great medical, dental, orthodontic and vision insurance and a 24/7 counseling service. 
 Free 24 Hour Fitness membership, which allows access to all locations in your region at no cost to you. Other options and onsite fitness classes available. Free onsite bikes for outdoor use. 
 Eat catered healthy, delicious food with your colleagues. Participate in happy hours, offsites and other social events. 
 If you choose flight training, we’ll fund your flight lessons ( up to $15,750) in either fixed-wing aircraft or helicopters. 
 Employees are eligible for 5 weeks vacation (25 days) their first year and 6 weeks (30 days) after two years of service. This PTO is in addition to 12 national holidays and unlimited sick days. 

Your Challenges:

 We are looking for a Data Engineer who specializes in managing and optimizing data pipelines , with a specific focus on AI/ML data and applications . 
 The ideal candidate will have experience in building data pipelines , implementing data infrastructure , ensuring high-quality labeled datasets, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to support our computer vision initiatives. 
 Oversee data lifecycle management, including data versioning, lineage tracking, quality assurance , and reporting 
 Design , build , and optimize robust and scalable data ingestion and labeling pipelines specifically for computer vision datasets 
 Manage and optimize data storage solutions to ensure efficient data retrieval and processing 
 Monitor and troubleshoot data pipeline issues, ensuring timely resolution and minimal disruption to project timelines. 
 Collaborate closely with AI/ML Engineers and Researchers to understand their data needs and provide efficient data solutions 

Your Boarding Pass:

 Bachelor's in Computer Science, Data Engineering, or a related field, with 2+ years of professional experience as a Data Engineer 
 Strong Python and SQL; Good software development fundamentals a must Demonstrated experience designing, building, and maintaining production-grade data pipelines 
 Proficiency with data modeling , ETL processes , data pipeline operations , and databases (e.g., Postgresql, Clickhouse). 
 Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail 
 Strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment. 

Nice To Have Experience:

 Strong skills with data presentation tools, dashboards, and visualization such as Grafana, Plotly , Voxel51 
 Workflow orchestration tools, particularly Dagster 
 Experienced with databases like Postgresql, Clickhouse 
 Automation tools and CI/CD pipelines and containerization technologies (e.g. Docker) 
 Interest in aviation 